OD-1728: Perform steps O, P, Q, R automatically (#75)
otwcode/open-doors-code: README.md

- The output for this command  (eg "Getting all tags per story...429/429 stories") will report the number of stories in 
the tag table, which may be more than the number of stories you have after removing DNI in the previous stage.

### Step 08 - Audit final tables for common problems

|   python 08-Check-ODAP-Tables.py -p <archive name>.yml

> This script performs checks on common reasons for Archive rejection, including checking for chapters that are too long, stories that have too many chapters, etc. It makes no attempt to fix problems that arise; you must do that manually.  Also note, it will only perform each check (aligned to the old JIRA tickets O, Q, P, and R) if no problems have been found on previous steps.  If you encounter errors in any step, you will need to repeat runing the script and fixing the errors until it exits cleanly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script performs checks on common reasons for Archive rejection, including checking for chapters that are too long, stories that have too many chapters, etc. It makes no attempt to fix problems that arise; you must do that manually.  Also note, it will only perform each check (aligned to the old JIRA tickets O, P, Q, R and S) if no problems have been found on previous steps.  If you encounter errors in any step, you will need to repeat running the script and fixing the errors until it exits cleanly.
```
(It seems S is included in this too)
